[Docs] FAQ Update + Support for WSL (#1140)
The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow: docs/user/FAQS.md

Thank you for your willingness to contribute. Please see the
[Getting Involved](../contrib/GettingInvolved) guide.

## How do I update OpenROAD-flow scripts?

If ORFS is already installed but needs updating, run the following commands:

```
cd OpenROAD-flow-scripts
git checkout master
git pull
git submodule update
```

> > **TIP**: If any of the submodules are updated, please re-build the entire flow using `./build_openroad.sh`

Reviewer: `./build_openroad.sh` is for docker based installation.
For local installation have to use `./build_openroad.sh --local`
For pre-built binaries, no need to run `git submodule update`.

Thank you for your willingness to contribute. Please see the
[Getting Involved](../contrib/GettingInvolved) guide.

## How do I update OpenROAD-flow scripts?

Depending on how you installed OpenROAD-flow-scripts, there are different ways of updating. Regardless, here are the common first steps:

```
cd OpenROAD-flow-scripts
git checkout master
git pull
```

> For WSL/docker based installation, run:
> ```
> ./build_openroad.sh
> ```
> 
> For local installation, run:
> ```
> ./build_openroad.sh --local
> ```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Now your local copy of ORFS should be up-to-date. The next step is to build it again with the following command:

For WSL/Docker based installation, run:
```
./build_openroad.sh --clean
```

For local installation, run:
```
./build_openroad.sh --local --clean
```
```

> For prebuilt binaries, you can run the flow after `git pull` is done.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For pre-built binaries, you can run the flow after `git pull` is done.
```

Reviewer 2: I believe we settled on using the hyphenated form, please review all docs so we can maintain consistency.

Thank you for your willingness to contribute. Please see the
[Getting Involved](../contrib/GettingInvolved) guide.

## How do I update OpenROAD-flow scripts?

Depending on how you installed OpenROAD-flow-scripts, there are different ways of updating. Regardless, here are the common first steps:

```
cd OpenROAD-flow-scripts
git checkout master
git pull
```
For WSL/docker based installation, run:
```

> git submodule update

Reviewer: @vvbandeira  Is required for docker based installation?

Reviewer 2: No mode needs to run this command, it is already run by the build script. See [here](https://github.com/The-OpenROAD-Project/OpenROAD-flow-scripts/blob/master/build_openroad.sh#L326).

Author: Noted.

./build_openroad.sh
```

For local installation, run:
```

> got submodule update 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
git submodule update 
```
